==================
Nordic nRF52840-DK
==================

Configs
=======

blinky_buttons
--------------

Extended 4-button, 4-mode runtime-control example with zero protocols. Uses
``blinky_buttons_demo.yaml``. All logic is handled by interconnected programs
(BitSplit, Toggle, Counter, Switch, Selector, Sequencer, Expression, Redirect).

Button mapping on nRF52840-DK:

* Button 1 toggles run/stop.
* Button 2 cycles modes: all LEDs blink, LED chase, selected LED blink,
  selected LED constant-on.
* Button 3 selects the active LED for the two selected-LED modes. The blink
  and constant-on modes keep independent selected LED state.
* Button 4 changes the dwell time for blinking modes 0, 1, and 2.

nimble_aios
-----------

NimBLE Automation IO Service demo using ``nimble_aios_demo.yaml``. It exposes
GPIO-backed digital inputs and outputs, a dummy analog input, and PWM-backed
analog outputs.

nimble_blinky
-------------

Sequencer-driven LED output controlled over BLE via NimBLE. Uses
``blinky_nimble_demo.yaml``. The device advertises as ``dawn-blink`` and
exposes start/stop, state table, and dwell times through a custom BLE service.

Host-side control is available via :file:`tools/examples/nimble_blinky_cli.py`.
The helper supports start/stop, status, toggle, period, and interactive
control from a host terminal.

nimble_ntfc
-----------

NTFC all-services NimBLE profile using ``ntfc_nimble_all.yaml``.

nimble_ntfc_buffer
------------------

NTFC NimBLE buffer-transfer profile using ``ntfc_nimble_buffer.yaml``.

nimble_ntfc_custom
------------------

NTFC custom-service NimBLE profile using ``ntfc_nimble_custom.yaml``.

nimble_ots
----------

NimBLE Object Transfer Service demo using ``nimble_ots_demo.yaml``.

nimble_sensor_producer
----------------------

NimBLE-to-user-sensor reference profile using
``nimble_sensor_producer.yaml``.

shell
-----

Shell example focused on GPIO, config values, and reset control. Uses
``shell_gpio_config_demo.yaml``.
